rolling ok good morning good morning
good afternoon good evening whatever
time zone you're in for those of you who
are in the United States happy
Thanksgiving to all of you and for those
of you who are not in the United States
wish you a great week just the same my
name's mark isaacson and I've been and
used me for not create one year now if
you want to have a look at the courses
that I've got live right now I put the
league in there for you and you can get
discounts on those courses I'm still
very much figuring things out in my fair
share of mistakes getting the pieces
together here to get everything working
we are you get this we are right now in
Udinese Black Friday sales my computers
trying to grab this thing here we are in
the Black Friday sales right now so if
you want to help support me some go
ahead and get yourself checked with my
affiliate I D and go ahead check out
some stuff on you to me and make some
course purchases there and that'll send
a little bit of money my way and then
before we get started with this lab I
wanna let you know where you can find
the replay you know I will make sure to
post this again at other times
throughout the interview here but Frank
has made some coupons available for us
and then if there's any other references
that come up during the course of the
discussion I'll make sure that I get
them posted there at the replay and
overtime out actually get transcripts
together and session notes together but
this is a work in progress and have so
many hours in the day so there's some
good links to get you started out with
stuff here and that's another me
blabbing let me go ahead and introduce
my guest Frank Cain is a former senior
manager from amazon.com and imdb.com who
left to start his own successful
business sundog software in 2012
a few months ago contacted frank about
producing a course related to data
science based on his experience at
Amazon Frank has since launched three
courses on you to be related to big data
and data science that have attracted
thousands of paying students and reviews
and he's devoting most of his time to
creating even more courses right now
frank lives in Orlando with his wife and
two daughters welcome to the lab where
else would you like to tell the viewers
about yourself
well it's a pretty good summary but you
know the thing that stresses that long
story but if you months ago so it was
really just about three or four months
ago that you can be reached at the
institute a think about the Union
structure and very quickly things have
taken off so it's been pretty crazy trip
yeah it's so I found out about Frank
based on a post he did in the YouTube to
launch where he made reference to the
fact he said you know I just know that
it was only a few months ago that I
hadn't even heard of you to me now I'm
see that this is a full-time or a good
income but produces significant in me
and so when I saw that post I contacted
him and said hey I'd like to interview
you for that lab tests that I do so
before we get into those details
is is par for the course with the
conversations I have here I always like
to get a little bit of background about
my guess give you a chance to learn a
little bit of the above their backstory
in the things that they were doing
before they came to you and the so what
type of things were you doing at Amazon
and IMDB is on I was busy working on
their recommendation systems they know
that when you go to Amazon easy people
who bought this also bought
recommendations for products based on
stuff you bought it passed that's what I
so start off as an engineer on my way up
to the measure and actually mostly
focusing on personalization technology
is the machine learning and data lines
about locations at one point I dot com
just a subsidiary of amazon.com
and I ran their engineering team the
whole shebang but even there there's a
lot of recommendation and
personalization and data mining
technology going on because they have
giant databases movies and also database
user ratings for we did you know that
sort of the background I'm drawing up
his coursework ok so and I know when we
had our prep session here that you had
mentioned to me that the type of stuff
that you were doing hot really call it
big data or data science at that point
you're just doing what you did there to
give people these recommendations which
he didn't jump right into you to me from
there so you had done the work at Amazon
MVP and then you said you started your
own company so why did you resign in
IMDB to start your own company
well as mostly personal I mean yeah he's
pretty rotten weather for those who
haven't been there so we would Orlando
primarily was really getting change
after spending you know ten years in
Seattle and the time was right now from
Amazon so you know we ask Ashley pick up
and move across the country and be ok
for a while so seems like the time was
right to get out and do something and I
was initially had a non-compete
agreement with Amazon so I couldn't
directly related to what I was doing
there for a few years but to start my
own company duly software engineering
consulting and actually selling my own
software that specializes in computer
graphics for a while
ok so that was asked about dead the
company that you started so you
mentioned that it was dealing with
computer graphics so tell us a little
bit more about Lake as I guess what you
were doing was selling software to be
working it you know other people you
decided to go out on your own and start
selling software is that correct
doing like through your site you're
selling software that's right i mean
through the goal is to have a passive
incomes from contracting work you know
our picture I could pay the bills
always always always suggest you to
create a package piece of software that
you just sell over the internet and I
could sit back and provide some customer
support just like you to me but I large
nose and click OK
ok so how did that work out for you
could you do the same types of things
that you lost this on your own I don't
imagine you started with any type of
following when you launch your business
so what are the things that you did do
you get that software sales business off
the ground is kind of in each market
that I went after its kind of ties into
the topic of this discussion but what I
did is they went after the training and
simulation market primarily so there's
people here in Orlando that focus on
building virtual reality training
simulators for flight in combat in
military training applications and what
I did was provide technology actually
have a realistic representation of the
sky and clouds in water so it's a very
niche product with something that was
until that time though the good thing
about it is that you can identify your
customers pretty easily so you know I
can go out and get a list of the 100 and
200 companies that are doing this stuff
and just mail them and responded to that
is going to spread the word throughout
the industry that it kinda like this one
is pretty much saturated market ok very
good and what was your background in
terms of any type of programming stuff
that enabled you to be able to create
that you were selling before I want to
have as long as I should have but you
game developers so I learn C++ and
OpenGL graphics technologies back then
so I kept out with on the side while I
was at Amazon so I just made that way
full time but afterwards again okay and
as far as your son died in those
products are you still making sales of
those products is used to have gone on
the side in addition to what you're
doing with you to me I do and you know
at this point is probably about 50% you
mean revenues far as you know my income
streams I think that's a very important
thing to have
because you don't have a bar menu I mean
it is one for a man they can have their
own wins they might change their search
algorithm someday they might change
happy you know what they're quite here
is hosting your horses so it was good to
have a backup so I'm still keeping
around for sure yeah a lot of people
bring that up as well as we have these
discussions about how are you supposed
to use what we do
discounts things in so so will your
sounds like you're doing here is you're
happy and you know me but your backup
plan is dead you still got your son dog
software going on so you got other
source of revenue in the event that
things take a change with how they
platform is exactly i mean you don't
want to pay the bills on our own but the
son dawg
you can also be a very good very good so
I I already headed to fill in the
listeners about what exactly led me to
contact you in first place how did they
find out about you I mean I imagine that
they were purchasing your graphics model
they weren't
remember when I started contracting work
just one of those contract job was
actually calling General Assembly in New
York City and they do actually in-person
training so they will have people that
actually develop curriculum for their
in-person training and back and they
need someone to help develop a
curriculum so turned out some goodies to
work with Amazon went on to go to work
General Assembly result to me they like
you that works so that together for them
and they had a background amazon.com
order market through my face on the page
for that course on their website
really that's how you found me grade
so again just to get people back story
here so you that you your face was
flying training product and so they came
to you thinking you have a large
following the German bring to you that
was certainly there hope you know I
think everyone in the expertise you know
they want someone that has some
credibility in the industry that they
could draw on that can bring students